[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Grace is the touch of those
beings who were free to leave
and elected not to do so.
For they are not here because
of their personal karma.
They are here as perfect
and pure instruments of God.
They are the gurus, the saints.
They live now or lived
on this plane in the past
and still live.
Christ said, when
you call me, I come.
But who calls him in faith?
Surrounding you, right
by you at any moment,
are the highest beings who
have stayed in form only
to bring you to liberation.
But what is required is that
you ask, that you reach up,
and you say, me.
Come on, God, listen to me.
I want to go, too.
I want to know you.
I want to know myself.
Because what does it turn out?
How bizarre that when you
keep going higher and clearer,
and higher and clearer,
who do you end up being?
Ramana Maharshi
said it very simply.
God, guru, and self
are the same thing.
So who is it that turned
out designing the game you
think you're stuck in?
You did.
You designed it, now
you're playing it out.
And slowly, you will awaken
out of it, until you are free.
And then you're free to
continue to play or not.
That is the true
Bodhisattva vow.
And you stay in form not
because you want anything,
because everything you want is
fulfilled by being with God.
For that is the
all and everything.
It is the total fulfillment.
It is the complete going home.
It's the Om.
Everything you ever wanted.
That's what God was saying.
He said it to Adam and Eve.
If you get caught
in your own mind
and in seeing me as an
object and pushing me away,
you will go through hells
until you awaken again
to recognize that in
the surrender to me,
you are fulfilled.
You work to get a new car, to
have security and pleasure,
and then it's all in time and
it's passing, and you grow old,
and you die.
Because all of Earth
existence is in time,
and it is passing show.
You're a great success, and a
moment later, you're forgotten.
Look on my works, ye mighty,
said Ozymandias in despair,
but nothing remains
but that tablet.
But in you is that
which is beyond time.
It has nothing to do with time.
It has nothing to do with space.
And once you have let go
of the clinging to who you
thought you were--
you don't push it away, you
just don't cling to it--
you begin to recognize
who you also are.
And who you also
are is all of it.
The great saint
Rama Tirtha said, I
am without form, without limit.
I am beyond space.
I am beyond time.
I am in everything.
Everything is in me.
I am the bliss of the universe.
I am Satcitananda, absolute
existence, absolute knowledge,
absolute bliss,
Tatvamasi, I am that.
We were so busy looking
down, we forgot God.
Then we got so busy looking at
God, we forget to look down.
Final liberation is where you
look up, and you look down.
You cling to neither
this nor that.
That is perfection.
That is what the being
who you are is capable of.
You are God made manifest.
Know yourself.
Whisper it now.
Not as labels, not I am
God, but beyond label.
Every moment of your Earth
existence is n dimensional.
It's everything,
in all directions.
So you listen, but
there is no listening.
I speak, but there
is no speaking.
We sit in the silence behind
form and play with God.
And all the forms
are our playthings,
including our bodies.
That is the joy that
comes with freedom.
Once you know, from
then on, there is only
play with God, nothing else.
For all form is
play, nothing else.
[MUSIC PLAYING]